README.md, before:

![](img/RecipeaLogo.png)
## Goal
![](img/Emo.png)
- Our cooking application mainly targets those that are young professionals between the ages of 20-30. We plan to optimize our application for those that have busy schedules (limited time to cook) and may not know how to cook or may struggle to find recipes for the ingredients they have on-hand.
- There are many webApps that help users to search of recipes with key ingredients. But it doesn't account for all the other ingredients that user might not have to prepare the dish. Help people by providing instructions or recipes to cook food based on the ingredients they have in the kitchen. 
- Our goal is to provide a WebApp for easy recipe search based on ingredients.
## User Research 
- The research we conducted aimed towards understanding our user habits and preferences. Our users were assumed to be young students and professionals who don’t have many ingredients at home, don’t have time to buy many groceries, and most often don’t know how to cook. While all these observations are true. Conducting these interviews helps us understand the additional requirements of the users. 
- We chose to take interviews with potential users of this application. We asked them questions on their lifestyle, cooking habits, and their preferences.
- The initial proposal was to build an app that makes recipe suggestions based on ingredients. After the interviews and evaluating Personas & Scenarios the need to make sure that these recipes are quick to prepare also arises. Users who prefer this app are extremely busy and what they prefer is recipe suggestions that make use of few ingredients, quick & easy to prepare and multiple recipe options for the same set of ingredients with dietary restrictions in mind.

## Paper Prototype
[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/VYnCdbO_wmQ/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/VYnCdbO_wmQ)

After user testing, most users liked the simple button options and the filter search. A lot of users didn't know that fliping the ingredients will give a list of ingredients. Based on some suggestion, we wanted to populate the recipies after user has entered the requirements in the high-fidelity protoype.

## High-Fidelity Prototype  

### Tasks:

#### 1. Filter, Search, & Refresh 
![Filter, Search, & Refresh](img/SearchBar.png)
#### 2. Add Search by Recipea Name
![Search by Recipe Name ](img/SearchRecipe.png)
#### 3. Save Recipes 
![Saved Recipea Page](img/SavedRecipe.png)

### Components:

#### 1. Branding  
![Style Sheet](img/Branding.png)
#### 2. Interactive Data Filter
![Filter Design 1](img/Filter1.png)
![Filer Design 2](img/Filter2.png)
#### 3. External Data Integration
![Ingredients Search Page](img/IngredientSearch.png)
![Recipea Search Page](img/RecipeSearch.png)
#### 4. Gamification

## Reflection
- What you managed to accomplish in the time you had
- What the next steps of your app would be if you had more time

## Links
Link to the Repository [R-e-c-i-p-e-a](https://github.com/R-e-c-i-p-e-a)

A link to a working version of your prototype (or a video of it)

Instructions for running your app  
This prototype is best viewed on Google Chrome

Commit message:

updates README.md with Reflection.

README.md, after:

![](img/RecipeaLogo.png)
## Goal
![](img/Emo.png)
- Our cooking application mainly targets those that are young professionals between the ages of 20-30. We plan to optimize our application for those that have busy schedules (limited time to cook) and may not know how to cook or may struggle to find recipes for the ingredients they have on-hand.
- There are many webApps that help users to search of recipes with key ingredients. But it doesn't account for all the other ingredients that user might not have to prepare the dish. Help people by providing instructions or recipes to cook food based on the ingredients they have in the kitchen. 
- Our goal is to provide a WebApp for easy recipe search based on ingredients.
## User Research 
- The research we conducted aimed towards understanding our user habits and preferences. Our users were assumed to be young students and professionals who don’t have many ingredients at home, don’t have time to buy many groceries, and most often don’t know how to cook. While all these observations are true. Conducting these interviews helps us understand the additional requirements of the users. 
- We chose to take interviews with potential users of this application. We asked them questions on their lifestyle, cooking habits, and their preferences.
- The initial proposal was to build an app that makes recipe suggestions based on ingredients. After the interviews and evaluating Personas & Scenarios the need to make sure that these recipes are quick to prepare also arises. Users who prefer this app are extremely busy and what they prefer is recipe suggestions that make use of few ingredients, quick & easy to prepare and multiple recipe options for the same set of ingredients with dietary restrictions in mind.

## Paper Prototype
[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/VYnCdbO_wmQ/hqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/VYnCdbO_wmQ)

After user testing, most users liked the simple button options and the filter search. A lot of users didn't know that fliping the ingredients will give a list of ingredients. Based on some suggestion, we wanted to populate the recipies after user has entered the requirements in the high-fidelity protoype.

## High-Fidelity Prototype  

### Tasks:

#### 1. Filter, Search, & Refresh 
![Filter, Search, & Refresh](img/SearchBar.png)
#### 2. Add Search by Recipea Name
![Search by Recipe Name ](img/SearchRecipe.png)
#### 3. Save Recipes 
![Saved Recipea Page](img/SavedRecipe.png)

### Components:

#### 1. Branding  
![Style Sheet](img/Branding.png)
#### 2. Interactive Data Filter
![Filter Design 1](img/Filter1.png)
![Filer Design 2](img/Filter2.png)
#### 3. External Data Integration
![Ingredients Search Page](img/IngredientSearch.png)
![Recipea Search Page](img/RecipeSearch.png)
#### 4. Gamification

## Reflection
- Throughout the course, we were able to develop a cooking website that provides users with the knowledge to cook meals with varying degrees of experience. Throughout the studio sessions, we were able to integrate critical feedbacks into the design and mechanics of the site to make going through our tasks as easy and efficient as possible.
- If given more time, we would design profiles so that each user can personalize their own experience, conduct more user testing to improve on the current state of our web application, and encode better accessibility to make the application more accessible to all users.

## Links
Link to the Repository [R-e-c-i-p-e-a](https://github.com/R-e-c-i-p-e-a)

A link to a working version of your prototype (or a video of it)

Instructions for running your app  
This prototype is best viewed on Google Chrome
